---
ID: 107
post_title: Privacy Statement
author: admin
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: >
  https://reach.kennedy-center.org/privacy-statement/
published: true
post_date: 2018-11-19 20:01:36
---
<!-- wp:heading {"level":3} -->
<h3>The Kennedy Center and Your Privacy</h3>
<!-- /wp:heading -->

<!-- wp:heading {"level":4} -->
<h4>Scope</h4>
<!-- /wp:heading -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>Beginning Dec. 1, 2014, the Kennedy Center's privacy policy will be changing in order to provide you with better and more personalized service.&nbsp;<a href="https://www.kennedy-center.org/content/pdfs/2014Kennedy-Center-Privacy-Statement.pdf" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">You can read the old policy here</a>. Our Contact Preferences menu has also changed, so&nbsp;<a href="https://www.kennedy-center.org/account/login/">please log in to your account</a>&nbsp;to review and make any updates.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>This policy covers how the Kennedy Center treats the personal information that it collects from its patrons in any manner, including via phone, by mail, at the Kennedy Center and through the following Kennedy Center websites:</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:list -->
<ul><li><a href="https://www.kennedy-center.org/">http://www.kennedy-center.org</a></li><li><a href="https://www.kennedy-center.org/sfb" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">http://www.suzannefarrell.org</a></li><li><a href="https://www.kennedy-center.org/nso/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">http://www.nationalsymphony.org</a></li><li><a href="https://www.kennedy-center.org/wno/">http://www.dc-opera.org</a></li><li><a href="https://artsedge.kennedy-center.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">http://artsedge.kennedy-center.org</a></li><li><a href="https://www.vsarts.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">http://vsarts.org</a></li></ul>
<!-- /wp:list -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>This policy may also cover information collected and used by the Kennedy Center via third party social media platforms, such as Facebook or YouTube, either generally or through the Kennedy Center's branded pages.&nbsp;<br><br><strong>1. Information Collection and Use</strong>&nbsp;<br><br><strong>Personal Information</strong><br><br>Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable such as your name, address, email address, or phone number, or other information that is not otherwise publicly available, including information related to your usage of the Kennedy Center's products and services.&nbsp;<br><br>You may visit and browse the Kennedy Center's websites as often as you like without logging in and no personal information about your visit will be collected.&nbsp;<br><br>While you are logged into your Kennedy Center account to purchase tickets or use other online services, you are not anonymous to us online. The Kennedy Center collects personal information when you make a purchase or a contribution online, register an account, utilize our network, request information about our products and services, participate in a promotion or an online survey, contact the Kennedy Center with a question or suggestion, apply for employment with the Kennedy Center, and when you attend certain special events where heightened security is necessary.&nbsp;<br><br><strong>How Information is Collected</strong><br><br><em>We may ask you to provide specific information.&nbsp;</em>Depending on the nature of your interaction with the Kennedy Center, we may ask you for information such as your name, phone number, physical address, birth date, company related information, email address, credit card information including expiration date and billing address, and product preferences. Under certain less common and special circumstances, we may ask you for other information such as your social security number. In such cases, we will inform you of the reason we are requesting that information and how it will be used.<br><br><em>We may use Cookies, tracking tags and other technology.&nbsp;</em>The Kennedy Center uses cookies and other tracking mechanisms across our websites and social media platforms. These technologies work by sending a small amount of data from our websites which is stored on your computer's hard drive ("cookies"). Our site can then read this cookie, which helps us keep track of how you use our websites and remember your preferences. Many web browsers accept cookies by default but contain an option for you to turn off cookie acceptance if you prefer. If you turn off acceptance, there may be some features of our websites that will not be available to you and some webpages may not display properly.&nbsp;<br><br>In addition, the Kennedy Center incorporates tracking or measurement tools into our websites and other communications which enable us to track your browsing activity on Kennedy Center websites as well as across social media platforms or other non-Kennedy Center websites and applications (known as "tracking tags", "web beacons," "action tags" or "single-pixel gifs"). If you utilize services which are linked to these tracking tags, these third-party services may also provide non-personal information to the Kennedy Center about your activity on non-Kennedy Center websites and social media platforms, which we may utilize to increase the effectiveness of our promotional efforts and to personalize our services and offerings for you.&nbsp;<br><br>Cookies, tracking tags, and embedded third-party features provide overall usage patterns for our websites that we use for analysis and to provide personalized services and advertising content.&nbsp;&nbsp; Your browsing may be tracked by these third-party services for their own use and for their clients.&nbsp; Such tracking could give information about you as an individual to third-parties based on your browsing activity, but this information will not include personal information unless you specifically provide it.&nbsp;<br><br>The ability of tracking tags to gather and use your information through anythird-party services is governed by that service's privacy policy, which may differ from the Kennedy Center's policies.&nbsp;&nbsp; The Kennedy Center is not responsible for the privacy practices or the use of the data collected by these third-party services.&nbsp;<br><br><strong>How Information is Used</strong><br><br>First and foremost, the Kennedy Center uses any information you provide to us to provide you with products and services such as online ticket and gift shop purchases, newsletter subscriptions and other specifically requested information and activities. In addition, we may perform (or have third parties perform) analyses of visitors' behavior, and may share data with sponsors, advertisers, and collaborators.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:list -->
<ul><li>Your personal information may be used by us (or third parties engaged by us) to: (1) customize the advertising and the content that you see, (2) fulfill your requests for products and services, (3) contact you, (4) conduct research, (5) respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process, and (6) establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.</li><li>Certain performances at the Kennedy Center are produced or presented by third parties. When you make a purchase to a performance presented or produced by one of these third party organizations, the Kennedy Center may provide them with information regarding your purchase. This information may include, but shall not be limited to, your name, address, telephone number and email address, as well as details of your purchase, which may include, but shall not be limited to, the date you purchased your tickets, any offer you responded to, the locations of your seats, and the dollar amount of your transaction.</li><li>We will on occasion share information gathered from our patrons with selected third party vendors who assist the Kennedy Center with promoting and marketing our programs and services. This might include customer research, management of customer databases, promotional mailings or other targeted promotions. This information may include your name, address, e-mail address, site usage data and purchase information.</li><li>In addition the Kennedy Center may provide your name and address or phone number to third parties whose products we believe may be of interest to you (although we do not share any other information about you, the selection criteria may result in the third party being able to identify your relationship with the Kennedy Center in a broad manner, i.e., that you are a subscriber or donor, or may have attended a particular production). You can request at any time that we do not share your name and address or phone numbers with such third parties. The Kennedy Center does not monitor or control the privacy policies of such third parties.</li></ul>
<!-- /wp:list -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p><strong>2. Anonymity</strong>&nbsp;<br><br>You can browse our sites without logging on, and no personal information about you or your visit will be collected by the Kennedy Center. Some anonymous, statistical information is automatically logged when you access one of our sites, which allows us to make our sites more useful to you and others who use them by, for example, tracking which features of the site are most used by visitors. Information that is collected might include:</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:list -->
<ul><li>The date of the visit</li><li>The time of arrival and length of visit</li><li>The browser used (e.g., Firefox, Internet Explorer, Safari, etc.)</li><li>The type of device used, and the Operating System on that device</li><li>A list of files downloaded or pages viewed</li><li>The Internet Protocol (IP) address of the machine through which the site was accessed</li><li>Any errors encountered</li></ul>
<!-- /wp:list -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>If you wish to browse our site anonymously you will need to log out of your online account. However, your activity will still be tracked by third-party services incorporated into the site.&nbsp;<br><br>You may purchase tickets anonymously if you choose to pay by cash in person at our Box Office.<br><br><strong>3. Links</strong>&nbsp;<br><br>Our websites may include links to other websites. We do not control the privacy policies or terms of service of the destination sites. Once you leave our servers or display embedded content within our websites, applications or email messages), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the third party site or service. That policy may differ from ours. The Kennedy Center is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of websites other than the Kennedy Center websites.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p><strong>4. Security and Disclaimer</strong>&nbsp;<br><br>Although we use security that we believe to be appropriate to protect your personal information, we do not guarantee that our security precautions will protect against, and we expressly disclaim any liability for, any loss, misuse, or alteration of your personal information.<br><br><strong>5. Personal Information of Children</strong>&nbsp;<br><br>The Kennedy Center does not allow children under the age of 13 to register a Kennedy Center account. The Kennedy Center will not knowingly ask children under 13 for any personally identifiable information.<br><br><strong>6. Changes to this Privacy Policy</strong>&nbsp;<br><br>The Kennedy Center may update this policy at any time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the email address that you have provided us or by placing a prominent notice on our websites.<br><br><strong>7. Account Information and Preferences</strong><br><br>Except for email messages related to a direct action by you, such as a password reset request or order confirmation, any email messages sent to you by the Kennedy Center offer you the option to request not to receive future email messages. You may choose to only receive certain types of email messages, or none at all. You may request to be removed from our mailing or phone list at any time by accessing the Contact Preferences on your account&nbsp;<a href="https://www.kennedy-center.org/account/contact">here</a>: (<a href="https://www.kennedy-center.org/account/contact">https://www.kennedy-center.org/account/contact</a>) or by contacting us at the phone number or mailing address listed at the end of this document.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:list -->
<ul><li>In addition to changing Contact Preferences, you may alter or change certain information associated with your account, such as your name, physical address, phone numbers, email address, and your interests by logging into our website or contacting us at the address or phone number below. If you wish to inactivate your Kennedy Center account, please contact us at the address listed below.</li></ul>
<!-- /wp:list -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p><strong>8. Questions and Suggestions</strong>&nbsp;<br><br>If you have any questions or suggestions, or to request changes to the information in your account, please complete a feedback form online through our Contact Us link, or you can contact us via direct mail, email, or phone at:<br><br><em>Customer Service Manager<br>The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts<br>2700 F Street, NW<br>Washington, D.C. 20566<br>Email:&nbsp;</em><a href="mailto:comments@kennedy-center.org"><em>comments@kennedy-center.org</em>&nbsp;</a><em><br>Phone: (202)416-8485</em></p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->